Ye Han told me this is not the real Wu Shao
So you're lying to me too.
What parents died at the hands of Dongying?
Just to win my sympathy
Earn my trust
So that I can obey you
Really? Dongying Taxi killed my parents
But I don't blame you.
They can only blame themselves for not being flexible
What do you say to protect the righteousness of your country?
In the end, he died as a martyr for his country
Nonsense is alive
To protect what you want to protect
If you die, you have nothing.
Say yes.
It doesn't matter if a scum like Liang Kai Liangxi dies
But you need to know
Organizations like Dongying are all over the world.
Even if you try your best, you can't hurt them in the slightest
So
You are also a lackey of Dongying
How can this be called a walking dog?
Me and Dongying
It can only be said to be cooperation
Sister, stop being obsessed
If you don't join the Dongying Organization, the only word is death
Then you will kill me.
I won't go along with Dongying lackeys if I die
Sure enough, she is a good daughter of her father
It's as irrelevant as him
It's okay not to ask
I have a way
What to do?